hi my name is carly i am i suck at this
okay hi my name is Carly and I'm 21
years old I'm originally from st. Louis
and now I am a New Yorker and so here we
are in my home come take a look my
morning beauty routine is short and
sweet because I'm usually late so just a
quick shower I use sort of a cream and
concealer in one so like a BB cream save
time a little flick and mascara and then
out the door
my first designer piece was a Prada bag
I invested I liked stomped all my
pennies together and bought this bag and
it was my prized possession my all-time
favorite cookie ever is a gingersnap
cookie that my gram used to make and
nobody makes them like my gram they're
soft and chewy and delicious and the
smell in the house when they're baking
is I can't describe it it's just the
best thing ever in my cookies I love to
own odd cinnamon
I love cinnamon so I added two Oh Neal I
added two cookies I send them in two of
my favorite ingredients the best workout
is a night on the dance floor with your
best friends thank you for coming to my
house it's been wonderful to have you
come back again soon see ya
this was a souvenir from I don't know
Brazil maybe I didn't know you could
even do that hey like personalized you
can do I think just about anything